Now it's time to install the idea that we're going to use with our development which is intelligent
to do that.
Let's go to intelligence dot com.
And of course it's the jet brains the company behind it.
And click intelligencia here.
And you have to download them.
And in this section you have two options to community one.
And the ultimate one the ultimate As you can see has all the benefits of an advance ID and on the other
hand community one is lacking in some features.
What I would suggest you to do is get the ultimate one so click download
because as you can see it has a 30 days free trial so it's definitely worth trying.
So now let's say and wait for the completion of the download when the download is complete run the installer
click next and verify the output directory for your installation.
And click next
and you have a couple of alternatives for your installation.
You can either have a 64 bit launcher or 32 bit launcher but I prefer you to choose 64 bit larger because
that's what today's machines needs.
And if you want you can also create file associations but it's not necessary.
So let's collect next and click install.
When the installation is complete select an intelligent idea and click Finish.
If you have any previous version of intelligent then you can import your settings here.
But if you don't and in our case we don't.
So let's just collect this one and accept the policy and if you have a license for intelligent then
you can use it in the section.
But if you don't and you want to evaluate for free then click this one and just hit evaluate
and you have to accept this one again.
Here you have a couple of options for your ID preferences.
So if you want to use intelligence as a default option like this or you want to use a dart team called
Coola and I prefer dark one so I'll choose this one.
And now let's select default plug ins in this section.
Let's go and uncheck the ones that were not interested then.
First of all we can disable the Android one and we can disable the Java Swing developer
and since we're not developing for cloud yet we can just disable all these things.
And for plugin development we don't need that too.
So let's just disable that
and application servers.
Actually we're not going to need any application servers so we can just disable them all
for vs control.
We can just get rid of everything.
Actually just disable them all first and have the kit and get hub OK.
An we can get you know and
so these options I think we are ready to go to future plug ins.
There is nothing interesting here that we are going to use so let's just start using Intel A-J
OK we can start using Intel was your idea to develop power applications.